			Skunk Game Description
		
The object of game is to get the highest score possible through all the rounds of Skunk. A score is made by rolling 
the dice and combining the points on the two dice. For example: A 4 and 5 would be 9 points. If player decides to 
take another roll of the dice and turns up a 3 and 5 (8 points), he then have an accumulated total of 17 points for 
the two rolls. The player has the privilege of continuing to roll to increase his score or of passing the dice to wait 
for the next series, thus preventing the possibility of rolling a Skunk and losing his score. There are 5 rounds in the game. 
Each round corresponds with one letter of the word SKUNK. First round begins with the "S" column and continue through the "K" column.
When the last round is over, players should total their scores for all five rounds to determine their final score. The player with 
the highest final score will be declared as Tournament winner. The rules are the same for each of the five rounds. 

DIRECTIONS FOR PLAYING: Player(s) should be familiar with these Skunk Rules

o	Player(s) using two six-sided dice.
o	Skunk player(s) scores points by rolling both dice at once and adding the total of the two.  
o	After each roll, player(s) can choose to pass the dice to next player and keep their accumulated points, 
	or continue to roll again to increase the score, but be cautious! 
	Chips may be reduced by penalty and game score may be reset if Skunks dice encountered!
o	There are 5 rounds in Skunk tournament. Each round corresponds with one letter of the word SKUNK. 
	The object of the game is to get the highest score possible through the five rounds of Skunk. 
o	Each player has 50 chips at beginning of each round. 
o	Any face value = 1 (Skunk) in a roll, player will loose turn
o	If roll score = 2 (double Skunks), player lost all game score, pays 4 penalty chips
o	If roll score = 3 (deuce, i.e., single skunk and a two), player lost all turn score, but not game score, and pays 2 penalty chips
o	If roll score >= 4 with a single skunk included, player lost all turn score, and pays 1 penalty chip
o	All penalty chips will be kept track in kitty box
o	Score and chips are displayed after each turn
o	All players' Score and "kitty chip" up-to-date status are also displayed after each turn. 
o	The round will end when any player reaches 100 points. After that, each succeeding player receives one more chance to roll 
	a final turn to get better score or penalty possibly. Players have option to roll or reject and the game ends.
o	The winner of each game collects all chips in "kitty". If there are more than one winner, then all winners will share the kitty chips. 
o	In addition, winner can collect 5 chips from each losing player or 10 chips from any player without a score.
o	The tournament concludes at the end of round 5. When the last round is over, the detailed final-report displays winning rounds, 
	final score and chips from all 5 rounds for each player, and winner declaration. 
	The player with the highest final score will be declared as Tournament winner.

				GOOD LUCK and HAVE FUN!

Now Enter the Number of Players
